src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CancelledOperationException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:11:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CF
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CF
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:19:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:19:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:36:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CertificateUtils.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:69:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:69:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:69:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:69:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:149:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:149:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:150:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:150:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:151:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:155:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:159:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:159:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:159:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:188:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:188:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:191:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:191:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:200:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:200:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:202:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:203:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:203:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:205:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:211:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:211:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:219:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:219:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:227:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:227:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:239:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:239:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:240:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:245:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:245:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:255:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:255:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:256:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:256:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:267:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:267:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:275:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:275:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:284:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:284:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:287:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:287:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:291:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:291:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:294:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:294:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:298:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:298:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:300:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:300:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:301:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:301:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:304:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:309:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:309:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:313:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:313:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:324:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:324:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:331:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:331:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:332:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:332:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:334:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:334:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:337:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:337:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:338:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:338:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:339:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:339:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:340:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:340:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:349:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:349:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:352:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:352:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:384:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_DYNAMIC_AUTHENTICATION_DATA
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:384:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_DYNAMIC_AUTHENTICATION_DATA
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:399:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:399:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:403:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:403:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:407:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:407:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:412:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:412:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:413:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:413:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:415:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:415:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:416:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:416:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:423:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:423:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:424:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:424:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:429:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:429:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:437:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:437:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:438:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/CryptoHelper.java:438:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:83:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:91:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:105:	AvoidUsingShortType:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:105:	AvoidUsingShortType:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '134'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '134'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:141:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:141:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:141:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:141:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '145'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '145'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:153:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:153:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:158:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:158:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:158:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:165:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:165:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:166:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:166:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:189:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:189:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:219:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:226:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:226:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:230:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:230:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '232'-'234').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:232:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '232'-'234').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:234:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '234'-'234').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/HexUtils.java:234:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '234'-'234').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:48:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Apdu
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:48:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Apdu
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apduBytes'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/Apdu.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apduBytes'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:46:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CommandApdu' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=33)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:46:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'CommandApdu' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.111%, NOPA=0, NOAM=6, WMC=33)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:51:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:56:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:56:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:62:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:62:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '63'-'70').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:63:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '63'-'70').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:64:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:64:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:69:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:69:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:81:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:83:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:83:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:109:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:109:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ne
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:130:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:130:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:137:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:137:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:138:	UnnecessaryWrapperObjectCreation:	UnnecessaryWrapperObjectCreation: Unnecessary wrapper object creation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:138:	UnnecessaryWrapperObjectCreation:	UnnecessaryWrapperObjectCreation: Unnecessary wrapper object creation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:151:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:151:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:161:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:161:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:180:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:180:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:183:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:183:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:230:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/CommandApdu.java:230:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:51:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:51:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:53:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:53:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ResponseApdu.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Hashtable'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:16:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap:	ReplaceHashtableWithMap: Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getErrorDescription method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getErrorDescription method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:49:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StandardErrorCodes.java:54:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'msb'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'msb'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'msb' is never used (overwritten on line 65)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:56:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'msb' is never used (overwritten on line 65)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lsb'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lsb'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'lsb' is never used (overwritten on line 66)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:59:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'lsb' is never used (overwritten on line 66)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lessSignificativeByte
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like lessSignificativeByte
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mostSigniticativeByte
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like mostSigniticativeByte
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:97:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:97:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:98:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/StatusWord.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/StcmVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/StcmVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/StcmVerifyApduCommand.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/StcmVerifyApduCommand.java:36:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:2:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:2:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresLoadDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresSignDataApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/CeresVerifyApduCommand.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/ceres/package-info.java:41:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:53:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:53:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:89:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like onlyWithCardPresent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:89:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like onlyWithCardPresent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:92:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnection.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionException.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:12:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:12:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_RESPONSE_PENDING
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_RESPONSE_PENDING
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_RESPONSE_INVALID_LENGTH
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_RESPONSE_INVALID_LENGTH
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:29:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:29:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:32:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:32:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:32:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:32:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:39:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:39:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like contentSizeEnvelope
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like contentSizeEnvelope
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:56:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:56:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:67:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:112:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionIso7816.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionOpenedInExclusiveModeException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:20:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:20:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:22:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:22:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:24:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduConnectionProtocol.java:24:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:55:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:55:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:55:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:55:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TLV_VALUE_PREFIX_TO_MAC
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TLV_VALUE_PREFIX_TO_MAC
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CLA_OF_PROTECTED_APDU
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CLA_OF_PROTECTED_APDU
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO7816_PADDING_PREFIX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO7816_PADDING_PREFIX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:73:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:87:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sendSequenceCounter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:87:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sendSequenceCounter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:95:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:116:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like encryptedDataPadded
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:116:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like encryptedDataPadded
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:136:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:136:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:141:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:141:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:142:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:165:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:167:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:167:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:171:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:178:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:178:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:181:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:181:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:182:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:185:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:185:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:198:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:198:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:206:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:206:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:206:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:206:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:212:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tlvLeBytes' (lines '215'-'217').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tlvLeBytes' (lines '215'-'217').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:235:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sendSequenceCounter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:235:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sendSequenceCounter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:246:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:246:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:252:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypter.java:252:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like iv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:100:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:100:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mac' (lines '102'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mac' (lines '102'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:104:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterAes.java:104:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:55:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ApduEncrypterDes' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:55:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ApduEncrypterDes' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:55:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ApduEncrypterDes' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:55:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'ApduEncrypterDes' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:63:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:63:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:67:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:67:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:70:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:70:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:139:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:139:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu(ResponseApdu, byte, byte, byte, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu(ResponseApdu, byte, byte, byte, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu(ResponseApdu, byte, byte, byte, CryptoHelper)' has an NPath complexity of 288, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu(ResponseApdu, byte, byte, byte, CryptoHelper)' has an NPath complexity of 288, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:141:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decryptResponseApdu' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '157'-'163').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '157'-'163').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '157'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '157'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '158'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '158'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '158'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '158'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '159'-'171').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '159'-'171').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '159'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:159:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '159'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '163'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:163:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dataTlv' (lines '163'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '167'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'swTlv' (lines '167'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '171'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:171:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'macTlv' (lines '171'-'227').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:200:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:214:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:219:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:221:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:229:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:242:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:242:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:244:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calculatedMac' (lines '244'-'256').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDes.java:244:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calculatedMac' (lines '244'-'256').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:44:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/ApduEncrypterDesMac8.java:44:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionEvent.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardConnectionListener.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CardNotPresentException.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMac method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:59:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMac method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:59:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:59:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCryptogramData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCryptogramData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the CipheredApdu constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:78:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the CipheredApdu constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:114:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:114:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/CipheredApdu.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/LostChannelException.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/NoReadersFoundException.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/UnavailableReaderException.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMac method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getMac method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCryptogramData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getCryptogramData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Cwa14890CipheredApdu constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Cwa14890CipheredApdu constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:112:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890CipheredApdu.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 86 (highest 21).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 86 (highest 21).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=86, ATFD=52, TCC=19.692%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=86, ATFD=52, TCC=19.692%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Cwa14890OneV1Connection' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:67:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:70:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO_9796_2_PADDING_START
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO_9796_2_PADDING_START
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO_9796_2_PADDING_END
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:73:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ISO_9796_2_PADDING_END
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_CRYPTO_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_CRYPTO_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MSB_INCORRECT_LE_PACE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MSB_INCORRECT_LE_PACE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:84:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_CHANNEL_KENC_AUX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:84:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_CHANNEL_KENC_AUX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:89:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_CHANNEL_KMAC_AUX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:89:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SECURE_CHANNEL_KMAC_AUX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:94:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:97:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:97:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:100:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:103:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:103:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:103:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'kenc'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:103:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'kenc'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:106:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:106:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:106:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'kmac'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:106:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'kmac'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:109:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:109:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:109:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ssc'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:109:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ssc'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:112:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:112:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:112:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'openState'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:112:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'openState'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:115:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:115:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:117:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:117:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:117:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:118:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:118:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:135:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:135:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:150:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getSubConnection' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:150:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getSubConnection' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:153:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'instantiateApduEncrypter' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:153:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'instantiateApduEncrypter' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:156:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:158:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:158:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:190:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getSubConnection' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:190:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getSubConnection' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:193:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'instantiateApduEncrypter' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:193:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'instantiateApduEncrypter' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:199:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:199:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 21.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 21.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'open()' has an NPath complexity of 512, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'open()' has an NPath complexity of 512, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:202:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'open' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:205:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:209:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serial' (lines '209'-'338').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:209:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'serial' (lines '209'-'338').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:209:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:209:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:238:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:238:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:240:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:240:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:267:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:267:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:278:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:278:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:282:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:282:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:293:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:293:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:297:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:297:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:306:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:306:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:308:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:308:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:341:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:342:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:342:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:365:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:365:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:366:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:366:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:391:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:408:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:408:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:410:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:410:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:412:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:412:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:419:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:419:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:427:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:427:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:434:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:434:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:442:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:442:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:447:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:447:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:450:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:450:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:452:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:452:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:454:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:454:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:455:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'internalAuthValidateInternalAuthenticateMessage(byte, byte, byte, RSAPrivateKey, int, Cwa14890PrivateConstants, Cwa14890PublicConstants, RSAPublicKey, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:455:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'internalAuthValidateInternalAuthenticateMessage(byte, byte, byte, RSAPrivateKey, int, Cwa14890PrivateConstants, Cwa14890PublicConstants, RSAPublicKey, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:455:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:455:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:472:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:472:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:473:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:473:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:480:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:480:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:485:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:485:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:502:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:502:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:514:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:514:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:515:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:515:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:545:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:545:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:574:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:574:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:574:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:574:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:576:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:576:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:578:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:578:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:580:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:580:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:581:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:581:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:582:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:582:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:588:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:588:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:591:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:591:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:606:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:606:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:606:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:606:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:611:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:611:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:613:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:613:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:614:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:614:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:616:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:616:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:621:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:621:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:632:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:632:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:635:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:635:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:637:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:637:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:654:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:654:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:667:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:667:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:668:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:668:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:669:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:669:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:671:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:671:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:687:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:690:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:690:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:702:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:702:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:705:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:705:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:711:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:711:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:712:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddedSerial' (lines '712'-'715').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:712:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddedSerial' (lines '712'-'715').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:713:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:713:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:715:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddedSerial' (lines '715'-'715').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:715:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddedSerial' (lines '715'-'715').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:733:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:733:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:736:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'protectedApdu' (lines '736'-'783').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:736:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'protectedApdu' (lines '736'-'783').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:751:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:751:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:766:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:766:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:768:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:768:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:768:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:768:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:769:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:769:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:769:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:769:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:770:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:770:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:772:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:772:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:772:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:772:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:773:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:773:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:774:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:774:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:778:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:778:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:810:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like onlyWithCardPresent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:810:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like onlyWithCardPresent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:820:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:820:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:834:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:834:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:837:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:837:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:846:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:846:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:848:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:848:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:857:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:857:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:868:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:868:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:876:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'kenc' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:876:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'kenc' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:881:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'kmac' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:881:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'kmac' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:886:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'ssc' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV1Connection.java:886:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'ssc' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/Cwa14890OneV2Connection.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/InvalidCryptographicChecksumException.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/connection/cwa14890/SecureChannelException.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:14:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:15:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '34'-'35').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:34:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '34'-'35').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '35'-'36').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/ChangePINApduCommand.java:35:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '35'-'36').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INSTRUCTION_PARAMETER_P2
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MAXIMUM_LENGTH_EXPECTED_LE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/GetChipInfoApduCommand.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MAXIMUM_LENGTH_EXPECTED_LE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/LoadDataApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:67:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:67:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:68:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/RetriesLeftApduCommand.java:68:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/SignDataApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '85'-'88').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/dnie/VerifyApduCommand.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '85'-'88').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/CheckVerifyRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/CheckVerifyRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/CheckVerifyRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/CheckVerifyRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentApdu' (lines '86'-'89').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentApdu' (lines '86'-'89').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentApdu' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/GemaltoVerifyApduCommand.java:89:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'currentApdu' (lines '89'-'89').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_MANAGE_ENVIROMENT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_MANAGE_ENVIROMENT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIVATE_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIVATE_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CRYPTOGRAPHIC_MECHANISM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CRYPTOGRAPHIC_MECHANISM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'CryptographicMechanism(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:78:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'CryptographicMechanism(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:107:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/MseSetSignatureKeyApduCommand.java:107:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gemalto/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:65:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:65:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:66:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeRetriesLeftApduCommand.java:66:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/GiDeVerifyApduCommand.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/gide/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/EnvelopeDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/EnvelopeDataApduCommand.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/EnvelopeDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/EnvelopeDataApduCommand.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_PERFORM_SECURITY_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_PERFORM_SECURITY_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_SIGN_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_SIGN_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_SIGN_HASH
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_SIGN_HASH
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoSignHashApduCommand.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_PERFORM_SECURITY_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_PERFORM_SECURITY_OPERATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_RESPONSE_EMPTY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_RESPONSE_EMPTY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_COMMAND_VERIFY_CERTIFICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816eight/PsoVerifyCertificateApduCommand.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DATA_FIELD_COMMAND_VERIFY_CERTIFICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_EXTERNAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_EXTERNAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ExternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like authenticationToken
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_GENERAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_GENERAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GeneralAuthenticateApduCommand.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetChallengeApduCommand.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/GetResponseApduCommand.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_INTERNAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_INTERNAL_AUTHENTICATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_INFORMATION_GIVEN
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/InternalAuthenticateApduCommand.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:7:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:7:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:10:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_MANAGE_ENVIROMENT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:10:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INS_MANAGE_ENVIROMENT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SET_FOR_AUTHENTICATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:13:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SET_FOR_AUTHENTICATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SET_FOR_COMPUTATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SET_FOR_COMPUTATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like AT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:22:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like AT
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:24:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:24:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PUBLIC_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:26:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PUBLIC_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIVATE_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:30:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like PRIVATE_KEY_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ALGORITHM_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetApduCommand.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ALGORITHM_REFERENCE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like publicKeyFileIdCompleted
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like publicKeyFileIdCompleted
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '75'-'76').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '75'-'76').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '76'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '76'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '81'-'82').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationKeyApduCommand.java:81:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '81'-'82').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationTemplateApduCommand.java:6:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationTemplateApduCommand.java:6:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationTemplateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetAuthenticationTemplateApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:18:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:19:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like algorithmReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:19:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like algorithmReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like algorithmReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like algorithmReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'algRefTlv' (lines '38'-'40').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:38:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'algRefTlv' (lines '38'-'40').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:50:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetComputationApduCommand.java:50:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/MseSetVerificationKeyApduCommand.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadBinaryApduCommand.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadRecordApduCommand.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadRecordApduCommand.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadRecordApduCommand.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/ReadRecordApduCommand.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectDfByNameApduCommand.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dfName'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dfName'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fileId'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fileId'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fileLength'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'fileLength'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:61:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode()' has a cognitive complexity of 17, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:61:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode()' has a cognitive complexity of 17, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:63:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like propInformationIndex
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like propInformationIndex
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:71:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:71:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:77:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:77:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:83:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:83:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:89:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:89:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts:	AvoidDeeplyNestedIfStmts: Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getDfName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getDfName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:105:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:109:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:109:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:111:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:111:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getFileId method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getFileId method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:116:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:122:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:122:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:145:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 55, but has at least 64 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:145:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 55, but has at least 64 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:145:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:147:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:147:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:151:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:151:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:154:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileApduResponse.java:154:	InefficientStringBuffering:	InefficientStringBuffering: Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/SelectFileByIdApduCommand.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PaceAlgorithmParam(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PaceAlgorithmParam(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PacePasswordType(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:57:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PacePasswordType(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PaceAlgorithmOid(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:109:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'PaceAlgorithmOid(byte)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/MseSetPaceAlgorithmApduCommand.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/iso7816four/pace/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/package-info.java:2:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/package-info.java:2:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1Exception.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Asn1SyntaxException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:47:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:47:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:47:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'rawDerValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'rawDerValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/DecoderObject.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:7:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:8:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/OptionalDecoderObjectElement.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:50:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Tlv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:50:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Tlv
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:61:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:66:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:75:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:75:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:76:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:76:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:89:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:89:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:108:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Tlv(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:108:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Tlv(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:122:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:122:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:149:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:149:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:152:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:152:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:203:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:203:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:208:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:208:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:221:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:221:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:224:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:224:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/Tlv.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TlvException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerParsingException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerParsingException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:24:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:24:	SingleMethodSingleton:	SingleMethodSingleton: Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:24:	SingleMethodSingleton:	SingleMethodSingleton: Class contains multiple getInstance methods. Please review.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:39:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:39:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:39:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:55:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance: getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:55:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance: getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:65:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance: getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:65:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance:	SingletonClassReturningNewInstance: getInstance method always creates a new object and hence does not comply to Singleton Design Pattern behaviour. Please review
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:71:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(ByteArrayInputStream)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfLengthOctets
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:80:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfLengthOctets
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:91:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:91:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prevOctet' (lines '94'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prevOctet' (lines '94'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'curOctet' (lines '95'-'99').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'curOctet' (lines '95'-'99').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curOctet' (lines '95'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curOctet' (lines '95'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'curOctet' is never used (overwritten on line 99)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:95:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'curOctet' is never used (overwritten on line 99)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '96'-'98').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:96:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '96'-'98').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '98'-'98').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '98'-'98').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prevOctet' (lines '103'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlv.java:103:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'prevOctet' (lines '103'-'124').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:25:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getTagValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getTagValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:35:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:35:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decode method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decode method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:47:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:54:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:54:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:57:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean: The loop can be simplified.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:57:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean:	WhileLoopWithLiteralBoolean: The loop can be simplified.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastOctet' (lines '59'-'61').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lastOctet' (lines '59'-'61').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:64:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:78:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:81:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:81:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:82:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:84:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BerTlvIdentifier.java:97:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getBitValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:31:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getBitValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:31:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:33:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:33:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bitPosition' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bitPosition' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setBitValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setBitValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBitValue' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:50:	LinguisticNaming:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setBitValue' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:51:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:51:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bitPosition' (lines '57'-'58').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:57:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bitPosition' (lines '57'-'58').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mergeArrays method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:68:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the mergeArrays method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/BitManipulationHelper.java:68:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/bertlv/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:87:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:87:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:92:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:92:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:103:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCdf.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCertificateObject.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresCommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:127:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 152 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:127:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 152 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:127:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:137:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrKdf.java:137:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyObject.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:73:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:73:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:73:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:75:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:75:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:75:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/CeresX509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:75:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceres/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesEmpty.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:112:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 135 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:112:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 135 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrKdfCeres.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:78:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:102:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:102:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:102:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:102:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:114:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:114:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:114:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:120:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyPrincipal method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:120:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyPrincipal method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:120:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:120:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateKeyObjectCeres.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:86:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesCeresContextSpecific.java:86:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/custom/fnmt/ceressc/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:49:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:49:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tlv'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/BitString.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tlv'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:50:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:50:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'object'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'object'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '65'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '65'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:65:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:65:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:66:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:66:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '68'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:68:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '68'-'77').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:70:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:70:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:79:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:83:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:83:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:99:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ContextSpecific.java:99:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:51:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'booleanValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'booleanValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:69:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerBoolean.java:69:	BooleanGetMethodName:	BooleanGetMethodName: A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/DerInteger.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Null.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Null.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Null.java:7:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Null
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Null.java:7:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Null
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'rawValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:55:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'rawValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/ObjectIdentifier.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OctectString.java:54:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:54:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:54:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getOidDescription method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:67:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getOidDescription method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:67:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/OidDictionary.java:67:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:54:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:54:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:63:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:63:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:63:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:63:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '94'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '94'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:100:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:100:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:102:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:102:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '102'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '102'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '104'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:104:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '104'-'125').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:106:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:106:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:114:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:114:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Record.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:53:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:53:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:71:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:71:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:71:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:71:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '83'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset' (lines '83'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rawValue' (lines '87'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rawValue' (lines '87'-'112').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:89:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:89:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Sequence.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:50:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:50:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sequenceObjects'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sequenceObjects'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:57:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:67:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:67:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:69:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:69:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:71:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:71:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '71'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tlv' (lines '71'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '73'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmpDo' (lines '73'-'85').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:75:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:75:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:90:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:90:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/SequenceOf.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:46:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Set
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:46:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Set
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:50:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:50:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:54:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Set.java:54:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:53:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:53:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_PRINTABLESTRING
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like TAG_PRINTABLESTRING
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stringValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/Utf8String.java:82:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stringValue'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/AlgorithmIdentifer.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:61:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA1WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA1WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:63:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA384WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA384WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:64:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA512WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA512WITHRSA_NORMALIZED_ALGO_NAME
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:66:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA1_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:66:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA1_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:71:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA384_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA384_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:83:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA512_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA512_DIGESTINFO_HEADER
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:141:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:141:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:145:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:150:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like normalizedSignningAlgorithm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:150:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like normalizedSignningAlgorithm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:165:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getNormalizedSigningAlgorithm(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 27.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:165:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getNormalizedSigningAlgorithm(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 27.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:165:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getNormalizedSigningAlgorithm(String)' has an NPath complexity of 3087, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:165:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getNormalizedSigningAlgorithm(String)' has an NPath complexity of 3087, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:167:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:167:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:168:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:168:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:169:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:169:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:170:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:170:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:171:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:171:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:172:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:172:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:173:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:173:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:174:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:174:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:176:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:179:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:179:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:180:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:180:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:181:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:181:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:182:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:182:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:184:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:184:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:189:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:189:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:190:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:190:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:191:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:191:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:192:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:192:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:193:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:193:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:194:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:194:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:199:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:199:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:200:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:200:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:201:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:201:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:202:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:202:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:203:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:203:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:204:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:204:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:206:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:206:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:220:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:222:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:222:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:235:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:235:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:236:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureAlgorithm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:236:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureAlgorithm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:238:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:238:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:241:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:241:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs1/DigestInfo.java:244:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:54:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/AccessFlags.java:54:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:50:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Cdf
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:50:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Cdf
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:94:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:111:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:120:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:120:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:125:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:125:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:183:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:183:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:186:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:188:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Cdf.java:188:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateIssuerContextSpecific.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:108:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:108:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:115:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:115:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:115:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:115:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:121:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:121:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:139:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:139:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:139:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:139:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:158:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificateObject.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CertificatesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonCertificateAttributes.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonKeyAttributes.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:86:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:86:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:88:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:90:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:93:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectAttributes.java:93:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:52:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonObjectFlags.java:52:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributes.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/CommonPrivateKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Identifier.java:50:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:59:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/KeyUsageFlags.java:59:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Odf
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:39:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Odf
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:61:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:74:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Odf.java:87:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:56:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Path
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:56:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Path
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:80:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathString method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:80:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathString method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:80:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Path.java:80:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:55:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'value'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIntValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:57:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIntValue method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PathLength.java:57:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:20:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:20:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:25:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:25:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:31:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Cdf.java:31:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:58:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:58:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:106:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:106:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:115:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:115:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:116:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15Object.java:116:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:19:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:19:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:28:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:28:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:33:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:33:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:38:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Pkcs15PrKdf.java:38:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:72:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:72:	UseVarargs:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:113:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 135 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:113:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 16, but has at least 135 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:113:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrKdf.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:74:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like subclassAttributes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:98:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:98:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyName method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:98:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:98:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:110:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:110:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:110:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:110:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:116:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyPrincipal method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:116:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyPrincipal method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:116:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:116:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:117:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:117:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeyObject.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributes.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:80:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:80:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:80:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:80:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:84:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:84:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getKeyLength method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:84:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PrivateRsaKeyAttributesContextSpecific.java:84:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/PublicKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/Reference.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/SecretKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/TrustedPublicKeysContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:91:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:91:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:91:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:91:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:94:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:101:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:101:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:101:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:101:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:104:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:111:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:111:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:111:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:111:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathBytes method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:121:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathBytes method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:121:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:121:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:124:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:124:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:124:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:131:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:131:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:131:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:131:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:132:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:145:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:145:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributes.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIssuer method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:76:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:76:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:82:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSubject method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:82:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:88:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:88:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPath method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:88:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:88:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:94:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathBytes method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:94:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPathBytes method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:94:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:94:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:100:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:100:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSerialNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:100:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/pkcs15/X509CertificateAttributesContextSpecific.java:100:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AlgorithmIdentifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AlgorithmIdentifier.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AlgorithmIdentifier.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AlgorithmIdentifier.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/AttributeTypeAndDistinguishedValue.java:75:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RdnSequence.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/RelativeDistinguishedName.java:66:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKey.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKey.java:7:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/SubjectPublicKeyInfo.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/x509/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:19:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:19:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Com
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:19:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Com
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsVersion'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsVersion'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'unicodeVersion'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'unicodeVersion'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeValue()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:49:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeValue()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:57:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:57:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:62:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:62:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:74:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:74:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:79:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:90:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:93:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:93:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:136:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Com.java:136:	UnnecessaryCast:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHash.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHash.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHashValues.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '20'-'22').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHashValues.java:20:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '20'-'22').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHashValues.java:22:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '22'-'22').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/DataGroupHashValues.java:22:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '22'-'22').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:16:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the extractImage method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the extractImage method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:21:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/IcaoUtils.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:61:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 35, but has at least 98 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:61:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 35, but has at least 98 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:62:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:62:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:63:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:63:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:64:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:64:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/LdsSecurityObject.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AbstractClassWithoutAnyMethod:	AbstractClassWithoutAnyMethod: No abstract method which means that the keyword is most likely used to prevent instantiation. Use a private or protected constructor instead.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AbstractClassWithoutAnyMethod:	AbstractClassWithoutAnyMethod: No abstract method which means that the keyword is most likely used to prevent instantiation. Use a private or protected constructor instead.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/OptionalDetails.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:19:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Sod
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:19:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Sod
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldsSecurityObjectBytes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ldsSecurityObjectBytes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsSecurityObjectBytes'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:25:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsSecurityObjectBytes'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsSecurityObject'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:26:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ldsSecurityObject'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'certificateChain'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:27:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'certificateChain'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:31:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:31:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:31:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:84:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'ldsSecurityObjectBytes' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:84:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'ldsSecurityObjectBytes' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literals. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends:	ConsecutiveLiteralAppends: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literals. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 24, but has at least 85 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration:	InsufficientStringBufferDeclaration: StringBuilder has been initialized with size 24, but has at least 85 characters appended.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:122:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:125:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:128:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:128:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:129:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:132:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/Sod.java:132:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectFacePhoto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectFacePhoto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectFacePhoto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectFacePhoto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icao/SubjectSignaturePhoto.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icaovdsned/EcdsaSignature.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/icaovdsned/EcdsaSignature.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorized'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomAuthorizeCallback.java:49:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authorized'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomNameCallback.java:39:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:51:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:51:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/CustomTextInputCallback.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/callback/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:48:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Atr
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:48:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Atr
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:56:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:63:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:92:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:92:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'off' (lines '98'-'105').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:98:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'off' (lines '98'-'105').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Atr.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/AuthenticationModeLockedException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/BadPinException.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:44:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Card
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Card.java:44:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Card
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:46:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardException.java:58:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:28:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:28:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:30:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:30:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:31:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:31:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:43:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:43:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardMessages.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardSecurityException.java:15:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CardSecurityException.java:15:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:19:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass: Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:19:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass: Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rawData' (lines '41'-'49').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:41:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'rawData' (lines '41'-'49').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:45:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:46:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:46:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like compressedCertificate
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like compressedCertificate
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '59'-'78').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '59'-'78').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '62'-'78').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CompressionUtils.java:62:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '62'-'78').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:60:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:60:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:68:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:68:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCard.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:50:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardException.java:50:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardSecurityException.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/CryptoCardSecurityException.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:55:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:58:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:65:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:65:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:66:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:66:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:86:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:86:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:106:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:106:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/InvalidCardException.java:106:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:60:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:73:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:73:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:85:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:85:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:85:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:85:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:88:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:88:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:119:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:119:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:119:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:119:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:120:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:120:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:131:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:131:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:131:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkValidPath(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:131:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkValidPath(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aux' (lines '143'-'152').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:143:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aux' (lines '143'-'152').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:143:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:143:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:162:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:165:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:168:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ll
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:171:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ll
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:174:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:174:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:195:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:195:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/Location.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PasswordCallbackNotFoundException.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PinException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PinException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PinException.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PinException.java:11:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/PrivateKeyReference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:49:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:49:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'DEBUG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'DEBUG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	MutableStaticState:	MutableStaticState: Do not use non-final non-private static fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'DEBUG'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'DEBUG'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'DEBUG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:52:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'DEBUG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/SmartCard.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:28:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:41:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b1
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:43:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:43:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'fos': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:43:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'fos': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:48:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/StCard.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/bit4id/stcm/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:36:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'CardOS' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:36:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'CardOS' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:36:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'CardOS' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:36:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'CardOS' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:53:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'certificatesByAlias' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'certificatesByAlias' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certificatesByAlias
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certificatesByAlias
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'certificatesByAlias' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:57:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'certificatesByAlias' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has an NPath complexity of 224, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has an NPath complexity of 224, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:85:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '100'-'118').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '100'-'118').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '100'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '100'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:100:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '101'-'109').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '101'-'109').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '101'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '101'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:101:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '102'-'113').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '102'-'113').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '102'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '102'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apduConnectionException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:102:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like apduConnectionException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '109'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '109'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:109:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:109:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '113'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'apduConnectionException' (lines '113'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:113:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'apduConnectionException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:113:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'apduConnectionException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:116:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:116:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '118'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '118'-'133').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:121:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:121:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like co
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:169:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like co
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:172:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:172:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:175:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:175:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:176:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:176:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:182:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:182:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:186:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'MASTER_FILE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:186:	LocalVariableNamingConventions:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The final local variable name 'MASTER_FILE' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:189:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:189:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:194:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:194:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:203:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:203:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:208:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:208:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:244:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cardos/CardOS.java:244:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:84:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:84:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:91:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:91:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:98:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:98:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:98:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:98:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:106:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:107:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:107:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:123:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:123:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:128:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:128:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:133:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:133:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:140:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890Card.java:140:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PrivateConstants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PrivateConstants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/cwa14890/Cwa14890PublicConstants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:46:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BurnedDnieCardException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/BurnedDnieCardException.java:54:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the BurnedDnieCardException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/CacheElement.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/CacheElement.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dni.java:7:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Dni
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dni.java:7:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Dni
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:40:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:40:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 200 (highest 17).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 200 (highest 17).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	ExcessiveClassLength:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	ExcessiveClassLength:	ExcessiveClassLength: Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=200, ATFD=135, TCC=3.535%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=200, ATFD=135, TCC=3.535%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Dnie
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Dnie
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	TooManyFields:	TooManyFields: Too many fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:102:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:104:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:108:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "static-method" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:108:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "static-method" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:121:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:121:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:124:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:124:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:126:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'aliases'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:128:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'aliases'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:130:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:130:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:130:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:137:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:137:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:142:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:145:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:145:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:148:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:148:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:151:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:151:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:151:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CERT_ALIAS_SIGNALIAS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:151:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CERT_ALIAS_SIGNALIAS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:153:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:153:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:154:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:154:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:157:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:157:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:157:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CERT_ALIAS_INTERMEDIATE_CA
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:157:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CERT_ALIAS_INTERMEDIATE_CA
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:159:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:159:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:159:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:159:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:160:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:160:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:160:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:161:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:161:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:161:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:164:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:164:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:167:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:167:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:170:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:170:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:173:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:173:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:173:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:173:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:176:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:176:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:176:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:176:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:179:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:179:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:179:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:179:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:182:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:182:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:182:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:182:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateCaCert
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:185:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateCaCert
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:187:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:190:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:191:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:194:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:194:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cyphCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:195:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cyphCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:198:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signAliasCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:199:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signAliasCertPath'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:201:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:203:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cyphKeyRef'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:207:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'cyphKeyRef'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:210:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signAliasKeyRef'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:211:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signAliasKeyRef'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:214:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:214:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:214:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:214:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:217:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:217:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:225:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:225:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:225:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:225:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:237:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:237:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:237:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:240:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:240:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:247:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:254:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:254:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:260:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:260:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:265:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:265:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:269:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:269:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:275:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:275:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:278:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:285:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:285:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:295:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'selectMasterFile' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:295:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'selectMasterFile' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:298:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:298:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:313:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:313:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:314:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'loadCertificatesPaths' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:314:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'loadCertificatesPaths' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:317:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'loadKeyReferences' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:317:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'loadKeyReferences' called during object construction
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:322:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:322:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:330:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:330:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:331:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:331:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:338:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:338:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:341:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:341:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:348:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:348:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:351:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:351:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:358:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:358:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:361:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:361:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:369:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:369:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:372:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:372:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:383:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:383:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:417:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'aliases' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:417:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'aliases' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:430:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:430:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:448:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:448:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:451:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:451:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:454:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:454:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:458:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateCaCertEncoded
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:458:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like intermediateCaCertEncoded
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:459:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:459:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:467:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:467:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:468:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:468:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:471:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:471:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:475:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:475:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:478:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:478:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:486:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getCertificate(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:486:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getCertificate(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:507:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:507:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:510:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:510:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:513:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:513:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:516:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:516:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:519:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:519:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:536:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:536:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:539:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iccCertEncoded' (lines '539'-'557').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:539:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'iccCertEncoded' (lines '539'-'557').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:563:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:563:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:577:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:577:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:589:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:589:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:602:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:602:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:638:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:638:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:639:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:639:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:650:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:650:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:651:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:651:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:655:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:655:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:660:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:660:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like extAuthenticationData
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:662:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:662:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:662:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:662:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:671:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:671:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:674:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:674:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:677:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:677:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:680:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:680:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:688:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:688:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:696:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:696:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:699:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:699:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:706:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:706:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:712:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:712:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:713:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signInternal(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:713:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signInternal(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:715:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:715:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:727:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:727:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:737:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:737:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:741:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:741:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:742:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:742:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:765:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:765:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:772:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:772:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:781:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:781:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:791:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:791:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:793:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:793:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:808:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:808:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:810:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:810:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:820:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:820:	AvoidRethrowingException:	AvoidRethrowingException: A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:827:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:827:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:830:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:830:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:832:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:832:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:835:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:835:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:837:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:837:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:838:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:838:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:839:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signOperation(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:839:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signOperation(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:841:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:841:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:852:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:852:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:861:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:861:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:863:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '863'-'899').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:863:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '863'-'899').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:870:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:870:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:872:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:872:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:884:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:884:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:889:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:889:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:890:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:890:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:892:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:892:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:898:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:898:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:903:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:903:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:910:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:910:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:911:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:911:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:913:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:913:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:920:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:920:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:948:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:948:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:950:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '950'-'960').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:950:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '950'-'960').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:950:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:950:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:959:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:959:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:959:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:959:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:964:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:964:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:965:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:965:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:972:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:972:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:974:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:974:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:975:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:975:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:976:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback(boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:976:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback(boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:976:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:976:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:984:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:984:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1018:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1018:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1030:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1030:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1045:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1045:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1047:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'loadCertificates()' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1047:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'loadCertificates()' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1047:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadCertificates()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1047:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadCertificates()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1105:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1105:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyCommandApdu' (lines '1.117'-'1.150').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyCommandApdu' (lines '1.117'-'1.150').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'verifyCommandApdu' is never used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1117:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'verifyCommandApdu' is never used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1127:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1157:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1163:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1164:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'changePIN(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1164:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'changePIN(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1166:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1197:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1197:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1223:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie.java:1223:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:40:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:40:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 135 (highest 24).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 135 (highest 24).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=135, ATFD=34, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=135, ATFD=34, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 21).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:82:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Dnie3' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 21).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'idesp'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:84:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'idesp'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkSecurityObjects()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkSecurityObjects()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'checkSecurityObjects()' has a NCSS line count of 72.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'checkSecurityObjects()' has a NCSS line count of 72.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkSecurityObjects' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:87:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkSecurityObjects' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:98:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:98:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like md
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'md' (lines '100'-'193').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'md' (lines '100'-'193').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:115:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:115:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:130:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:130:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:201:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:201:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:214:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:214:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:229:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:229:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:243:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:243:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:257:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:257:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:277:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:277:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:291:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:291:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:304:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:304:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:321:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:321:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:334:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:334:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:367:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:367:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:379:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:379:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:385:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:385:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:386:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:386:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:388:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:388:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:390:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:390:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:395:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:395:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:415:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:415:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:416:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:416:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:417:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:417:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:421:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:421:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:427:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:427:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:429:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Dnie3 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:429:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Dnie3 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:432:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:432:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usrSecureConnection' (lines '441'-'467').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usrSecureConnection' (lines '441'-'467').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usrSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usrSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:441:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:452:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:452:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:469:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:469:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:470:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:470:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:472:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:472:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:474:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:474:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 624, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened(boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 624, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:481:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:490:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:490:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:491:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:491:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:495:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:508:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pinSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:508:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like pinSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:519:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:519:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:520:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:520:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:540:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:540:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:542:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:542:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usrSecureConnection' (lines '552'-'579').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'usrSecureConnection' (lines '552'-'579').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usrSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like usrSecureConnection
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:552:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:563:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:563:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:584:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3.java:584:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:48:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:48:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:53:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:59:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:69:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:109:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:109:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:114:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Cwa14890Constants.java:114:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Dnie3Dg01Mrz' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=23)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:13:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Dnie3Dg01Mrz' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=23.077%, NOPA=0, NOAM=10, WMC=23)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:15:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:15:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'dateOfBirth' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:22:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'dateOfBirth' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'nationality' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:23:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'nationality' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sex' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:24:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sex' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'dateOfExpiry' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:25:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'dateOfExpiry' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'docNumber' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:26:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'docNumber' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'docType' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:27:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'docType' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'issuer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:28:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'issuer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'optData' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'optData' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Dnie3Dg01Mrz constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the Dnie3Dg01Mrz constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:39:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:39:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:51:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:51:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:78:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:78:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:107:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:107:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:107:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:107:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:123:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:123:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:123:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:123:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3Dg01Mrz.java:133:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:118:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:118:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:165:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:165:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:170:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3PinCwa14890Constants.java:170:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:49:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:98:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:118:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:118:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:118:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:165:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:165:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:170:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3UsrCwa14890Constants.java:170:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:43:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:43:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:43:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:82:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:82:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:87:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r1Cwa14890Constants.java:87:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:45:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:45:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:45:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:81:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:81:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:86:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2Cwa14890Constants.java:86:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:114:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:114:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:161:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:161:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:166:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2PinCwa14890Constants.java:166:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:48:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:94:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:114:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:114:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:161:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:161:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:166:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/Dnie3r2UsrCwa14890Constants.java:166:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:67:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:67:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:72:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:72:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:72:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DnieCardException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:72:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DnieCardException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCardException.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieCertParseUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieCertParseUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieCertParseUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieCertParseUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:13:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sn1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:14:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sn1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:15:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:18:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:20:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:46:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP: Do not hard code the IP address 
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:46:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP:	AvoidUsingHardCodedIP: Do not hard code the IP address 
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:76:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:86:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:95:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:98:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 10369, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 10369, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:115:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '118'-'174').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '118'-'174').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:118:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:134:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:134:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:147:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:147:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:149:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:154:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:159:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:162:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:164:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:168:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCertParseUtil.java:170:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:53:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:53:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:55:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:99:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:150:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:150:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:170:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:170:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:170:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:170:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:189:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:189:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:189:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:254:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:254:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:258:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:298:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:298:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:308:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:308:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:313:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:313:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:318:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:318:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:323:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieCwa14890Constants.java:323:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:20:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:20:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieFactory' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:20:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:20:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieFactory' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:49:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:78:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:91:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:93:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:96:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:97:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 23, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has a cognitive complexity of 23, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 22.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 22.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 2320, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getDnie(ApduConnection, PasswordCallback, CryptoHelper, CallbackHandler, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 2320, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:99:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDnie' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:112:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:112:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:113:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:113:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '114'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '114'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '114'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '114'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:114:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '115'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '115'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '115'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '115'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:115:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:117:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:117:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '126'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '126'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '126'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '126'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:126:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:129:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:129:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actualAtrBytes' (lines '130'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actualAtrBytes' (lines '130'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:130:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:130:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:134:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:143:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:143:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:145:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:145:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:148:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '167'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '167'-'167').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '167'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '167'-'177').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:167:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:168:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:168:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:180:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:180:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:187:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:187:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:190:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:190:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:195:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getDnie3PinCwa14890Constants method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:195:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getDnie3PinCwa14890Constants method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:195:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:195:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:200:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:200:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:203:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieFactory.java:203:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=49, ATFD=14, TCC=3.571%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=49, ATFD=14, TCC=3.571%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieNFC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieNFC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieNFC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:34:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieNFC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DnieNFC constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DnieNFC constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has an NPath complexity of 513, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection(ApduConnection, CallbackHandler, CryptoHelper)' has an NPath complexity of 513, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPaceConnection' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:87:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tic' (lines '94'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tic' (lines '94'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:103:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:103:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tic' (lines '107'-'216').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tic' (lines '107'-'216').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:116:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:116:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:123:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:123:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:124:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:124:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:129:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:129:	NonThreadSafeSingleton:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:137:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:137:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:143:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:143:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:143:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:171:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:171:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:177:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:177:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:185:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:185:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:201:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:201:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:202:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:202:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:221:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:221:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:235:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:235:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:279:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:279:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:289:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:289:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:300:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:300:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:303:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:303:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:307:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like paceInitializationValue
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:307:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like paceInitializationValue
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:309:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:309:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:318:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cs
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:318:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cs
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:320:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:320:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sz
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sz
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieNFC.java:325:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:47:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:52:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:53:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:55:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:67:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'id' is stored directly.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:67:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'id' is stored directly.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:96:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'identifier' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DniePrivateKeyReference.java:96:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'identifier' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=25)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=16.667%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=25)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'DnieSubjectPrincipalParser' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:9:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 31, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 10369, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 10369, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:73:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '76'-'132').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '76'-'132').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:76:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:89:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:92:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:92:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:102:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:105:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:105:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:106:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:106:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:107:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:109:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:109:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:112:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:117:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:120:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/DnieSubjectPrincipalParser.java:128:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTROL_CHARACTER_WORD
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:17:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTROL_CHARACTER_WORD
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:19:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:19:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'parsedValues'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'parsedValues'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:53:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:53:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:53:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:53:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:66:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:66:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:66:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:66:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'birthDate' (lines '138'-'141').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'birthDate' (lines '138'-'141').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:138:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expirationDate' (lines '145'-'148').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'expirationDate' (lines '145'-'148').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticDateFormatter: Static DateFormatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/OptionalDetailsDnie3.java:145:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter:	UnsynchronizedStaticFormatter: Static Formatter objects should be accessed in a synchronized manner
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:48:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=50, ATFD=38, TCC=8.791%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:48:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=50, ATFD=38, TCC=8.791%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:50:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aliasByCertAndKeyId
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aliasByCertAndKeyId
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'aliasByCertAndKeyId' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:63:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'aliasByCertAndKeyId' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:66:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:92:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signOperation(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:92:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'signOperation(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:94:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:94:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:114:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:114:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:116:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '116'-'148').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:116:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '116'-'148').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:123:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:134:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:139:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:139:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:140:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:140:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:167:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:167:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:172:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:172:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:209:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:209:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:209:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:209:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:210:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:229:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:229:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:230:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:230:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:243:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:243:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:246:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:246:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:271:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:271:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:274:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:274:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'openSecureChannelIfNotAlreadyOpened()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:281:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:281:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:282:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:282:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:286:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:286:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:310:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:310:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:311:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:311:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:345:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresSc.java:345:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:56:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:97:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:148:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:148:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:168:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:168:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:168:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:168:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:184:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:184:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:184:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:257:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:257:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:261:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:261:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:301:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:301:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:306:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:306:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:311:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:311:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:316:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:316:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:321:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:321:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:326:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/ceressc/CeresScCwa14890Constants.java:326:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:15:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Tif
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:15:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Tif
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/Tif.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:49:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:51:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:54:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:93:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:93:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:123:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:140:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:140:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:156:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like ifdPrivateExponent
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:172:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:172:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:172:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:244:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:244:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like CA_COMPONENT_PUBLIC_KEY
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:248:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:288:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:288:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_C_CV_CA_PUBLIC_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:293:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:293:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:298:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:298:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_CA' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:303:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'REF_ICC_PRIVATE_KEY' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:308:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:308:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:313:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/dnie/tif/TifCwa14890Constants.java:313:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'CHR_C_CV_IFD' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:41:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:41:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 96 (highest 18).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 96 (highest 18).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=96, ATFD=64, TCC=7.353%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=96, ATFD=64, TCC=7.353%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:94:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Ceres' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:96:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:100:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:109:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:118:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:123:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:127:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:132:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:134:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:136:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:136:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:136:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:138:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:139:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:141:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:154:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:154:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:157:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aliasByCertAndKeyId
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like aliasByCertAndKeyId
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'aliasByCertAndKeyId' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:161:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'aliasByCertAndKeyId' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:165:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:165:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passwordCallback'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:167:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passwordCallback'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authenticated'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:169:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authenticated'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:170:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:188:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:208:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:216:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:216:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:220:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:220:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:231:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:231:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:257:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:258:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:258:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:260:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:260:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:271:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:271:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:271:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:271:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:281:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:281:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:285:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:301:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:301:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:304:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:304:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:328:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:328:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aliases' (lines '330'-'342').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:330:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'aliases' (lines '330'-'342').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:332:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:332:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:363:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:363:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ceresPrivateKey' (lines '378'-'421').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ceresPrivateKey' (lines '378'-'421').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:378:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:378:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:391:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:391:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:393:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '393'-'421').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:393:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'digestInfo' (lines '393'-'421').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:395:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:395:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:403:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:403:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:412:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:412:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:415:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:420:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'loadData(int, byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'loadData(int, byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 16, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData(int, byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData(int, byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:423:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'loadData' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:424:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:424:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:426:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paddedData' (lines '426'-'508').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:426:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'paddedData' (lines '426'-'508').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:431:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:431:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:440:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:440:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:444:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:444:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:455:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:455:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:456:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:456:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:458:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:458:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:460:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like envelopedLoadDataApdu
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:460:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like envelopedLoadDataApdu
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:472:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:472:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:483:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:483:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:490:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:490:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:518:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:518:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:524:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:526:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:526:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:527:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:527:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:529:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:529:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:531:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:532:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:532:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:538:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:554:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:554:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:555:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:555:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:561:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:561:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:596:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:596:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:598:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '598'-'608').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:598:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '598'-'608').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:598:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:598:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/Ceres.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/fnmt/ceres/CeresPrivateKeyReference.java:16:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the TuiPrivateKeyReference constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the TuiPrivateKeyReference constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIndex method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:18:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getIndex method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiPrivateKeyReference.java:18:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:36:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=24, TCC=25.455%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:36:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=24, TCC=25.455%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:56:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:60:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'certificatesByAlias' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The constant name 'certificatesByAlias' doesn't match '[A-Z][A-Z_0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certificatesByAlias
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certificatesByAlias
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'certificatesByAlias' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:62:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'certificatesByAlias' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:98:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:98:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'connect(ApduConnection)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:104:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:104:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '110'-'123').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '110'-'123').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '110'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '110'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:110:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like invalidCardException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '111'-'118').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '111'-'118').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '111'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '111'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:111:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like cardNotPresentException
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '118'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardNotPresentException' (lines '118'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:118:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'cardNotPresentException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:121:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:121:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '123'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'invalidCardException' (lines '123'-'136').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:123:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'invalidCardException' is never used (reassigned every iteration)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:126:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:126:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:146:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:146:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:155:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:155:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:173:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:173:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:193:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPrivateKey(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:193:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getPrivateKey(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:198:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:198:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:199:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:199:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '202'-'205').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:202:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '202'-'205').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:217:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:217:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '219'-'230').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:219:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '219'-'230').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:221:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:221:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:228:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:228:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:233:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:233:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyArrayRatherThanNull: Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:245:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:245:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull:	ReturnEmptyCollectionRatherThanNull: Return an empty collection rather than null.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:268:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verifyPinApduCommand
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:268:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like verifyPinApduCommand
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:282:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gemalto/tuir5/TuiR5.java:282:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:1:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 118 (highest 24).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 118 (highest 24).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=118, ATFD=68, TCC=7.843%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=118, ATFD=68, TCC=7.843%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:56:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:71:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:87:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:93:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:98:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:99:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	FieldNamingConventions:	FieldNamingConventions: The static field name 'CLA' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'CLA'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:101:	VariableNamingConventions:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CLA' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:103:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:105:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:105:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:105:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:106:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:106:	UseConcurrentHashMap:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passwordCallback'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:111:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passwordCallback'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'callbackHandler'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:112:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'callbackHandler'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authenticated'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:114:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'authenticated'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:117:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass: Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:117:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass:	AvoidProtectedFieldInFinalClass: Avoid protected fields in a final class.  Change to private or package access.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:117:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:117:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:137:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:138:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet(ApduConnection, CryptoHelper, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet(ApduConnection, CryptoHelper, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet(ApduConnection, CryptoHelper, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 1152, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet(ApduConnection, CryptoHelper, boolean)' has an NPath complexity of 1152, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:141:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'SmartCafePkcs15Applet' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:143:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'failIfNoCerts'.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:143:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'failIfNoCerts'.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:195:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:195:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:196:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:196:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:206:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:214:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:214:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:217:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:217:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:228:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:228:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:245:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:247:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certPublicKeyModulus
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:247:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like certPublicKeyModulus
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:248:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:255:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getKeyCount(ResponseApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:255:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getKeyCount(ResponseApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:255:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ra
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:255:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ra
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:327:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:327:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:333:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:333:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:339:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:339:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:341:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:341:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:346:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:346:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:350:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:353:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:353:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:356:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:356:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:368:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:368:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:370:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:370:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:401:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:401:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:421:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:421:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:423:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:424:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:437:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:437:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:445:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:445:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'verifyPin(PasswordCallback)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyCommandApdu' (lines '455'-'473').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyCommandApdu' (lines '455'-'473').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'verifyCommandApdu' is never used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:455:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'verifyCommandApdu' is never used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:456:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:456:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:457:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:458:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:478:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:478:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cognitive complexity of 17, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cognitive complexity of 17, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has an NPath complexity of 3072, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'sign(byte, String, PrivateKeyReference)' has an NPath complexity of 3072, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:484:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'sign' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:499:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:503:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scPrivateKey' (lines '503'-'563').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:503:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scPrivateKey' (lines '503'-'563').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:503:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:503:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:517:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '517'-'519').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:517:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '517'-'519').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:539:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:539:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:567:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:567:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:569:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '569'-'585').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:569:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'verifyResponse' (lines '569'-'585').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:569:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:578:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:583:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:583:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:587:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:587:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getInternalPasswordCallback()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:593:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePkcs15Applet.java:593:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/gide/smartcafe/SmartCafePrivateKeyReference.java:10:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:7:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CC
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:10:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like CC
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:265:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/CountryCodes.java:265:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:18:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Gender.java:36:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/IcaoException.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/IcaoException.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/InvalidSecurityObjectException.java:17:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/InvalidSecurityObjectException.java:17:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MalformedMrzException.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the MalformedMrzException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MalformedMrzException.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the MalformedMrzException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MalformedMrzException.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the MalformedMrzException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MalformedMrzException.java:21:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the MalformedMrzException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG01_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:22:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG01_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG02_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG02_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG03_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:28:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG03_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG04_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:31:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG04_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG05_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG05_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG06_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG06_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG07_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG07_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG08_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG08_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG09_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG09_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG10_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG10_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG11_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG11_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG12_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG12_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG13_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:58:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG13_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG14_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:61:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG14_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG15_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:64:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG15_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG16_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_DG16_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_CARD_ACCESS_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:76:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_CARD_ACCESS_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_ATR_INFO_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:79:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_ATR_INFO_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_CARD_SECURITY_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_CARD_SECURITY_LOCATION
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:231:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:240:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrtdLds1.java:240:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Mrz.java:8:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mrz
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Mrz.java:8:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Mrz
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Mrz.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/Mrz.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:3:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:37:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MrzInfo' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 115 (highest 65).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MrzInfo' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 115 (highest 65).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=115, ATFD=9, TCC=0.654%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=115, ATFD=9, TCC=0.654%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MrzInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 37).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'MrzInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 37).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DOC_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:45:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:54:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:54:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'documentType' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:54:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'documentType' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'documentCode' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:56:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'documentCode' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:57:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:57:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:60:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:63:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentNumberCheckDigit
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentNumberCheckDigit
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:69:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:102:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:104:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:161:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:161:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:162:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:162:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:165:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:165:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:217:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the checkDigit method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:217:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the checkDigit method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:217:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:217:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:232:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:232:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:232:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:238:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:238:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:238:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:244:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:244:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:258:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:258:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:263:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:263:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:263:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:263:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:267:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:272:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:272:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters:	AvoidPrefixingMethodParameters: Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:272:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:272:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:276:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:280:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:289:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:297:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDocumentTypeFromDocumentCode(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:297:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getDocumentTypeFromDocumentCode(String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:303:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:303:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:304:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:304:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:305:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:305:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:305:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:305:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:307:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:309:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:309:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:311:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:311:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:316:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:316:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:322:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:322:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:330:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:330:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:335:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkDigit(String, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:335:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'checkDigit(String, boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:335:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferFillerOverZero
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:335:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferFillerOverZero
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weights' (lines '338'-'361').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:338:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'weights' (lines '338'-'361').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:344:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:344:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:344:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:348:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:358:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:358:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:367:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:367:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeMRZDigit(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 65.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeMRZDigit(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 65.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'decodeMRZDigit(byte)' has a NCSS line count of 103.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'decodeMRZDigit(byte)' has a NCSS line count of 103.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	NcssMethodCount:	NcssMethodCount: The method decodeMRZDigit() has an NCSS line count of 103
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	NcssMethodCount:	NcssMethodCount: The method decodeMRZDigit() has an NCSS line count of 103
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeMRZDigit' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:368:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decodeMRZDigit' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 37.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:374:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:374:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:376:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:376:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:378:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:378:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:380:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:380:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:382:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:382:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:384:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:384:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:386:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:386:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:388:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:388:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:390:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:390:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:393:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:393:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:396:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:396:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:399:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:399:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:402:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:402:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:405:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:405:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:408:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:408:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:411:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:411:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:414:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:414:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:417:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:417:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:420:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:420:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:423:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:423:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:426:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:426:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:429:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:429:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:432:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:432:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:435:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:435:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:438:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:438:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:441:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:441:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:444:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:444:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:447:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:447:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:450:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:450:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:453:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:453:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:456:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:456:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:459:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:459:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:462:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:462:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:465:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/MrzInfo.java:465:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializer.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializer.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializer.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializer.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerCan.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerCan.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:27:	StringInstantiation:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:27:	StringInstantiation:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:32:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'k' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:32:	MethodReturnsInternalArray:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'k' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/WirelessInitializerMrz.java:42:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:26:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Bac
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:26:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Bac
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:26:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:26:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:34:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:64:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:64:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:65:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mi
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:76:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:76:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:129:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:129:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:130:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:130:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:131:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:131:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:152:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:152:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:154:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:154:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:155:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:155:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:158:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:158:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:160:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:162:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:162:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:163:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:163:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:164:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:167:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:167:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:168:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:168:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:171:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:171:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:172:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:172:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:175:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:175:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mIfd' (lines '177'-'211').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:177:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'mIfd' (lines '177'-'211').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:189:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:201:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:201:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:202:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:202:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:203:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:203:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:225:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:227:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'adjustParity(byte)'.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:227:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'adjustParity(byte)'.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:233:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:233:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:234:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:234:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:239:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:243:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pt
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:243:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pt
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ka
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ka
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:251:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like kb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:251:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like kb
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'current' (lines '257'-'277').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'current' (lines '257'-'277').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:273:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:276:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '285'-'288').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '285'-'288').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'i' is never used (overwritten on line 288)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:285:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'i' is never used (overwritten on line 288)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:286:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '286'-'289').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:286:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '286'-'289').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:286:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '286'-'292').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:286:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '286'-'292').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '289'-'289').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '289'-'289').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '289'-'292').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '289'-'292').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:292:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '292'-'295').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:292:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '292'-'295').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:295:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '295'-'295').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/Bac.java:295:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tempdata' (lines '295'-'295').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/IcaoMrtdWithBac.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/IcaoMrtdWithBac.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/IcaoMrtdWithBac.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/bac/IcaoMrtdWithBac.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like privateKeyReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:114:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:114:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:132:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:132:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:145:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:145:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:158:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:158:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:171:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:171:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:184:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:184:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:197:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:197:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:210:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/IcaoMrtdWithPace.java:210:	PreserveStackTrace:	PreserveStackTrace: New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:23:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_CRYPTO_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:23:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_CRYPTO_CHECKSUM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sm
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:48:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:56:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:56:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'transmit(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:57:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:76:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:76:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:78:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'protectedApdu' (lines '78'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:78:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'protectedApdu' (lines '78'-'126').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:99:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:99:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:115:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceConnection.java:123:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceException.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/PaceException.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/pace/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'C40Decoder' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'C40Decoder' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'C40Decoder' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'C40Decoder' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 9 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:22:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like C40_BASIC_SET_CHARS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:25:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like C40_BASIC_SET_CHARS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like C40_SHIFT2_SET_CHARS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like C40_SHIFT2_SET_CHARS
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode(byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 39, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'decode(byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 39, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decode method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the decode method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 19.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 19.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:45:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'decode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:50:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '50'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:50:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '50'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '53'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '53'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '53'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:53:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '53'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:57:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:57:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:61:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:61:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cValues' (lines '65'-'65').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cValues' (lines '65'-'65').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cValues' (lines '65'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cValues' (lines '65'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '67'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '67'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '67'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:67:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '67'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cValue' (lines '69'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:69:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cValue' (lines '69'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '73'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '73'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '73'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:73:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '73'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '77'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '77'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '77'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:77:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '77'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '86'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '86'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '86'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '86'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '91'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '91'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '91'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '91'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:94:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '97'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '97'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '97'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:97:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '97'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '107'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '107'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '107'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:107:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '107'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '109'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '109'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '109'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '109'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '114'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '114'-'107').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '114'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'upperShift' (lines '114'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '119'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '119'-'67').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '119'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:119:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'shift' (lines '119'-'128').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '132'-'134').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '132'-'134').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '134'-'137').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '134'-'137').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:137:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '137'-'138').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/C40Decoder.java:137:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '137'-'138').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Vdsned' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=36)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'Vdsned' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=20.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=7, WMC=36)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Vdsned' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Vdsned' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Vdsned' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:22:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Vdsned' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:24:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:26:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'encoded' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:28:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'encoded' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:35:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:37:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureCreationDate
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureCreationDate
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:38:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentFeatureDefinitionReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:38:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentFeatureDefinitionReference
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:39:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentTypeCategory
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:39:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like documentTypeCategory
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mrzB'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:41:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mrzB'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nEntries'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:42:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nEntries'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'durationOfStay'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:43:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'durationOfStay'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passportNumber'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:44:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'passportNumber'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signature'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:45:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'signature'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dataTbs'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dataTbs'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:48:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SIGNATURE_ALGORITHM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_SIGNATURE_ALGORITHM
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:51:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a cognitive complexity of 18, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 24.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has an NPath complexity of 2916, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has an NPath complexity of 2916, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a NCSS line count of 63.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The constructor 'Vdsned(byte)' has a NCSS line count of 63.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:55:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The constructor 'Vdsned' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:66:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:97:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:97:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:113:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:113:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:129:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:129:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:136:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:139:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:139:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:141:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:141:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough:	ImplicitSwitchFallThrough: A switch statement does not contain a break
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:151:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:155:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:155:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:157:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:157:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:174:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:174:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:178:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:178:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:178:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:180:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:180:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:180:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:180:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:185:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:211:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:213:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:213:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:214:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:215:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:215:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:222:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:233:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:233:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:256:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:273:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:273:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:274:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:274:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:285:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:286:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/Vdsned.java:286:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:52:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:52:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:69:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816eight/Iso7816EightCard.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NOT_FOUND_RETURN_CODE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:54:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like FILE_NOT_FOUND_RETURN_CODE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:60:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/FileNotFoundException.java:60:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=47, ATFD=34, TCC=5.455%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=47, ATFD=34, TCC=5.455%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:70:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:72:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SW_UNSATISFIED_SECURITY_STATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:72:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SW_UNSATISFIED_SECURITY_STATE
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:73:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:74:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:75:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SW_OFFSET_OUTSIDE_EF
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:75:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SW_OFFSET_OUTSIDE_EF
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:77:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:79:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:99:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:100:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:101:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:110:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:114:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:116:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:126:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '134'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '134'-'149').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:136:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like readRecordApduCommand
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:136:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like readRecordApduCommand
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:145:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:146:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'readedResponse' (lines '169'-'201').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'readedResponse' (lines '169'-'201').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'readedResponse' (lines '172'-'201').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'readedResponse' (lines '172'-'201').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:175:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:175:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:176:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:176:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:206:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:207:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:207:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:217:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:218:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:227:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:227:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:239:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:239:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:243:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:250:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:266:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:266:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:279:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileLength' (lines '279'-'284').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:279:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileLength' (lines '279'-'284').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:283:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:284:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileLength' (lines '284'-'284').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:284:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileLength' (lines '284'-'284').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:305:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:305:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:313:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:313:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:314:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:314:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:335:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:335:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:337:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:337:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:346:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:346:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:346:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:346:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:347:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:347:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:348:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:348:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:350:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:350:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:352:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:352:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:353:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:353:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:354:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:354:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:355:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCard.java:355:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod:	FinalParameterInAbstractMethod: Final parameter in abstract method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:5:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:10:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:13:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:53:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:77:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:77:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:84:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:84:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:101:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:101:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/Iso7816FourCardException.java:105:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/OffsetOutsideEfException.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OffsetOutsideEfException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/OffsetOutsideEfException.java:13:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the OffsetOutsideEfException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:7:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/iso7816four/RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the RequiredSecurityStateNotSatisfiedException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/package-info.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:27:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO87
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:27:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO87
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tlv'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tlv'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO87 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:33:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO87 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO87 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:50:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO87 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:51:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:51:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:60:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:64:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:72:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:72:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:72:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:72:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:76:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:76:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO87.java:76:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO8E
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO8E
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO8E constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO8E constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:40:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:40:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:61:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:61:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:61:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:61:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO8E.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:27:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO97
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:27:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO97
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:29:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO97 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO97 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO97.java:36:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO99
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:29:	ShortClassName:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like DO99
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:31:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:33:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO99 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:35:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DO99 constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:52:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:52:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getEncoded method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:52:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:52:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:56:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:56:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getData method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:56:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/DO99.java:56:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=66, ATFD=59, TCC=8.333%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=66, ATFD=59, TCC=8.333%)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SecureMessaging' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SecureMessaging' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SecureMessaging' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:42:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SecureMessaging' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 13).
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:44:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:46:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:47:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:57:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'do97' (lines '71'-'93').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'do97' (lines '71'-'93').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'do87' (lines '72'-'87').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'do87' (lines '72'-'87').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has a cognitive complexity of 15, current threshold is 15
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 20.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 20.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like responseApduEncrypted
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like responseApduEncrypted
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has an NPath complexity of 972, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'unwrap(ResponseApdu)' has an NPath complexity of 972, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:126:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'unwrap' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do87' (lines '128'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do87' (lines '128'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:129:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do99' (lines '129'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:129:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do99' (lines '129'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do8E' (lines '130'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:130:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'do8E' (lines '130'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subArray' (lines '136'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:136:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subArray' (lines '136'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:147:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:147:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:149:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:149:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encodedBytes' (lines '149'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encodedBytes' (lines '149'-'257').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:159:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:159:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:162:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:162:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:165:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:165:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:196:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:196:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:196:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:196:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:208:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Arrays.equals' due to existing import 'java.util.Arrays'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:208:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName:	UnnecessaryFullyQualifiedName: Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Arrays.equals' due to existing import 'java.util.Arrays'
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:217:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:217:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:217:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unwrappedAPDUBytes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:217:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unwrappedAPDUBytes
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:220:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:220:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:253:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:264:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:264:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:266:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encData' (lines '266'-'285').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:266:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'encData' (lines '266'-'285').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:289:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:289:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:323:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:323:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like le
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:330:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAPDUStructure(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:330:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAPDUStructure(CommandApdu)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 17.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:330:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getAPDUStructure(CommandApdu)' has an NPath complexity of 2700, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:330:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getAPDUStructure(CommandApdu)' has an NPath complexity of 2700, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:333:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:333:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:336:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:336:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:337:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:337:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:340:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:340:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:343:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:343:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:354:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:354:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lengthA' (lines '365'-'371').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:365:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lengthA' (lines '365'-'371').
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:373:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:373:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:376:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:376:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:379:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:379:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:381:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:381:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:386:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:386:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:393:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:393:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:402:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessaging.java:402:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:1:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:28:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:32:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/es/gob/jmulticard/de/tsenger/androsmex/iso7816/SecureMessagingException.java:36:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SecureMessagingException constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:45:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:54:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:58:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:62:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:70:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:70:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " bytes (" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " bytes (" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Binario: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Binario: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 72
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:72:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Caracteres: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Caracteres: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 73
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:73:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:74:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:76:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:76:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:79:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:80:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:80:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:80:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:81:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:83:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:83:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:86:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:87:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:87:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:88:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:88:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:90:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:90:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:93:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:93:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:94:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:95:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:97:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:100:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:100:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:101:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:101:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:102:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/es/gob/jmulticard/card/icao/vdsned/TestC40Decoder.java:102:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:12:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:12:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:14:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:30:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:49:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:49:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/CreatePrivateKey.java:53:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:19:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:20:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:20:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:21:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:23:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:24:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:24:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:26:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:27:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:28:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:29:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:30:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:31:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:33:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:36:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:40:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:59:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like N
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like N
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:60:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:61:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:62:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:63:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:65:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:66:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:67:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:68:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:69:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:70:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:71:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:72:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:73:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:74:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:75:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:77:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:78:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:79:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:80:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:81:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:82:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:83:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:84:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:85:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:86:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:87:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:88:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:89:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:106:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like D
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like D
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:107:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:107:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:108:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:109:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:110:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:111:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:112:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:113:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:114:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:114:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:115:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:116:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:117:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:118:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:119:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:120:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:121:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:122:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:124:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:125:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:126:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:127:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:128:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:129:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:130:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:131:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:132:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:133:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:134:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:135:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:135:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:136:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:157:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:157:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:157:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:157:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:165:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:174:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:174:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:174:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:174:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:182:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:182:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/EncodedPrinter.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TestCertParseUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 14).
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TestCertParseUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 14).
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TestCertParseUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 14).
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:14:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'TestCertParseUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 14).
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:22:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:22:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:23:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:23:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:24:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:24:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cn
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:29:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:30:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:35:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:36:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:38:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:39:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:41:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:49:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:52:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:55:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:58:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:80:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:83:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:90:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:95:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 29, current threshold is 15
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	CognitiveComplexity:	CognitiveComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cognitive complexity of 29, current threshold is 15
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	CyclomaticComplexity:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 18.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 13825, current threshold is 200
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName(String, String)' has an NPath complexity of 13825, current threshold is 200
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:97:	StdCyclomaticComplexity:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getRDNvalueFromLdapName' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '100'-'156').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'offset1' (lines '100'-'156').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:100:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:113:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:116:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:126:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:129:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:129:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:130:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:130:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:131:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:133:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:133:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:136:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:138:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:138:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:142:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:147:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:152:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:152:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop:	AvoidBranchingStatementAsLastInLoop: Avoid using a branching statement as the last in a loop.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestCertParseUtil.java:152:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:12:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:14:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:15:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:15:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:16:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:16:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:17:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:17:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:18:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:18:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:24:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:24:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:25:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:25:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:26:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:26:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:32:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:33:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:33:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:34:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 20594 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:34:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 20594 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:35:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 29301 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 29301 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:38:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:39:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:40:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 20594 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:40:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 20594 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:41:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 29301 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:41:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 29301 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:44:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:45:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:45:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:46:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:46:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:47:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:47:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:49:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:49:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:52:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:53:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:53:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:54:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:54:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expectedResult' (lines '54'-'62').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:54:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expectedResult' (lines '54'-'62').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:61:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:61:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:64:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:65:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:65:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expectedResult' (lines '72'-'79').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:72:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'expectedResult' (lines '72'-'79').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:77:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/TestHexUtils.java:77:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:20:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:20:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:29:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:30:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:35:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:39:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:39:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestApdus.java:45:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:6:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:9:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:9:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:12:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestCommandApdu.java:12:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:15:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestResponseApdu.java:15:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:9:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:11:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:11:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:14:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:14:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:15:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:22:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:22:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sw
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'respuestaEsperada' (lines '24'-'32').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:24:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'respuestaEsperada' (lines '24'-'32').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:35:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:35:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:39:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:39:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:39:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:40:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertNotEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:40:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertNotEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:41:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertNotEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/apdu/TestStatusWord.java:41:	SimplifiableTestAssertion:	SimplifiableTestAssertion: Assertion may be simplified using assertNotEquals
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:11:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:13:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:13:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:16:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:16:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:17:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:20:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:20:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:21:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:21:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:22:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:22:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:25:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:26:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:26:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1Exception.java:27:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:14:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:16:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLE_DIGEST_INFO
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:16:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SAMPLE_DIGEST_INFO
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:28:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:28:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like di
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like di
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:31:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:34:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:44:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:55:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like u
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SimpleTypes.java:60:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:18:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:18:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:24:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestAsn1SyntaxException.java:24:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:16:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:16:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:18:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:20:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:22:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:32:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:75:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:75:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:77:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:86:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:89:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:89:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:90:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:90:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:91:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:91:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:92:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:92:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:94:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:98:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:108:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '110'-'113').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '110'-'113').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:110:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 113)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:110:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 113)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:113:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:113:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '113'-'117').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestCdfCreation.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '113'-'117').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:25:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:25:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:28:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestOdfCreation.java:28:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:15:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:15:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:27:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:100:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:100:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:100:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:103:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:105:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:105:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:106:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:106:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:108:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:108:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:117:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:119:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:119:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '132'-'135').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:132:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '132'-'135').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:132:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 135)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:132:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 135)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:135:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:135:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '135'-'139').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestPrKdfCreation.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '135'-'139').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:15:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:15:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:17:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:19:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:21:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:32:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:32:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:35:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:35:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on resource specification 'is': resource specifications are implicitly final
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:39:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:39:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:40:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:41:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:41:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:42:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:42:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:43:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:43:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:43:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:44:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:46:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:46:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:48:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:48:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:53:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:54:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:54:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:55:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:55:	GuardLogStatement:	GuardLogStatement: Logger calls should be surrounded by log level guards.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:59:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:69:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '71'-'74').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:71:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '71'-'74').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:71:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 74)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:71:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'nBytes' is never used (overwritten on line 74)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:74:	AssignmentInOperand:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '74'-'78').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvCreation.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nBytes' (lines '74'-'78').
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:14:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:14:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:15:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:15:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/TestTlvException.java:16:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:13:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:13:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:15:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:16:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:16:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:17:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:21:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:21:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:22:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause: An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:22:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause:	AvoidInstanceofChecksInCatchClause: An instanceof check is being performed on the caught exception.  Create a separate catch clause for this exception type.
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:23:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:31:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:31:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:32:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:44:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:44:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:46:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like db
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:50:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:50:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:52:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:52:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/asn1/der/TestDerBoolean.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:8:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:10:	TestClassWithoutTestCases:	TestClassWithoutTestCases: This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:12:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:13:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:17:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:18:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:18:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:19:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:22:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:23:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation:	JUnit4TestShouldUseTestAnnotation: JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation, JUnit 5 tests should use @Test, @RepeatedTest, @TestFactory, @TestTemplate or @ParameterizedTest
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:24:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/card/TestCryptoCardException.java:24:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:11:	CommentRequired:	CommentRequired: Field comments are required
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:50:	CommentSize:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:54:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:54:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert:	JUnitTestsShouldIncludeAssert: JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/test/java/test/es/gob/jmulticard/icao/TestVdsned.java:56:	SystemPrintln:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
